mcaffee IS malware
I love playing tapped out because it is fun to watch the town grow by earning money and buying buildings.  I love helping my neighbors, too.
I love this flashlight app!  It really illuminates the dark, very cool!  Get this app, you will love it, really!
One of my favorite games
Cute game. I am not that good at it but my kids are. We love Nik Wallenda!
Made me think , variety of the puzzles kept it fun to play. I am glad I gave this one a chance.  Looking forward to the next update
See the voice anytime my My favorite show
Not sure what else can be said about Norton products. I have used them for years on all my desk and laptop computers. Easy to install and protects my hard-drives well. Not sure I see what one of the other reviewers stated about upsells from Norton (haven't seen them yet even after almost 3 weeks of daily use). Anyway, if you are looking for Antivirus software that can be easily installed on three of your devices, this is for you.
Save your money and purchase a good (i.e. Norton) security for your PC. Too many issues with this version. I have not tried the newer editions since I was so burned by this one, but I do see where the latest edition is $20 cheaper than this one. So, if you are into gambling and want to try the more recent version, maybe they got rid of all the bugs and glitches in this one. I still would recommend looking elsewhere to protect your pc.
I always use Norton as my PC security application (have for over 10 years). I prefer it to most others as I have never had any issues with worms or viruses. Of course, this 2011 version is now outdated and I would recommend that the intended purchaser go with the 2013 version to be sure to capture all recent updates (I now how the 2013 version of this app already purchased and installed on my HP. Highly recommend the Norton as your security application.
I found the Roxio Creator to be too difficult to work with, with issues occurring on and off all the time (bugs for sure). I couldn't get the editing down on this application, so I was never able to fully utilize it. I did however, use it fo video transfers which did seem to work well. Anyway, in looking at the other reviews out here it looks like others have had the same troubles I have had. Maybe with the 2013 version Roxio might get it right, but steer clear of the older versions out there.
I had a trial version of Microsoft Office which came with my laptop, so I was in the market for the full blown version that would work with my Vista system. This product was easy to use and install and walked me throught the entire process. I would highly recommend to anyone.
It's a great game,like it has so many types of Dragons. Amazing
For the amount of money, the app is good. BUT the interface leaves a lot to be desired. I have it for Roku so not sure if it's the same on each platform. When doing certain things like searching through your shows, you have to go through every.single.one.of.them. to get to the show you want, instead of having each show in it's own section like other apps. Also, if you are searching through your shows and you click on it and then go back, you go back to the very beginning. When looking through 'recorded shows', you scroll through a ton then you can hit see more and again it takes you back to the beginning. The show selection is good and I am happy with that part of it but it gets old doing all the scrolling when they could improve the interface and make it a lot easier to see what you have to watch. Also, you cannot always find shows in the search section, it is odd and another one of Frndly's weird features.
Cheaper to buy the amazon upgrade versus paining Apple's high price.<br />to be honest I wonder at times why I do this every year. the features really aren't any better each year. I don't have a lot backed up but do have some.<br />I haven't hung a website up so why?<br />keeps an email available to me, my wife and daughter to communicate with. Yes I have gmail and hotmail but both have been spammed and taken over even w/ password changes.<br />so i pay the fee and upgrade thanks to amazon
fun app
not that good a much better app is  Cross Stitch World
Been playing in anticipation of a Vegas trip.  Both blackjack and slots.  Earning free buffet trips, discounted shows a d rooms without spending a dime.
Fun!!!!
Lot of fun but can be very frustrating only because I'm a Moron @ times while playing the game.Made me laugh @ myself and try harder.Just a fun SIMPLE. game.
YES PLANNING MY 30 day tomorrow
My favorite music app.
Bought it at Best Buy. Best gadget in awhile. Way to go Amazon;
Love these free channels I can get with my Firestick.
I like this game ok... but wish there were less that you must purchase.  Eh.  I'll play until I get tired of the pay for this, pay for that.  Eh.  Wish it could be the good old days and you could play a game for fun.
The app works... but... in general I just don't think there is enough content to justify the additional streaming costs.  I haven't found a single show that would make me think I needed to pay more.  Plus, I don't really appreciate that they make you pay to see some shows - new and/or reruns.  Eh.  I already pay way enough for my satellite subscription.  So, once my trial use is over - I'll cancel.
I downloaded this app to my firestick and it works perfectly.  Love the access to all my streaming stuff AND my paid dish account.  Couldn't be happier.  Very easy to set up and use - step by step process that even I could do all by myself without the help of 10 year old grandson.  Win!
Mom (80 years old) likes to play mahjong type games and she chose this one.  I hate ads, but it what happens when you get a free app.  But it is time spender and Mom likes that it exercises her mind.
As time blowers go, this is a casino game crossed with a scrabble like word game.  It's a step up I think.  Fairly good win ratio.  Why only 4 stars... you gotta be hooked up to wifi.  *eh*  You're not always able to wifi when you've got down time... I have it on a samsung tablet and on a kindle.  It doesn't freeze or crash or at least not so far - I never hesitate to update my reviews should new info seem useful.
drags and crashes fairly regularly on my kindle- which bums grandson seriously.  I will keep looking. I just wish when you go to the kindle app store, the apps would work really well on any kindle.
It's a bit jerky and I do have to really work to get to a place I need to get to... so maybe not super intuitive for older folks?  Everyday I work with it though in order to get the most out of my Alexa.  If you order Alexa you will have to use this app.  *note: I am using the app on my android device... it might work more easily with one of my kindles, however, it's still a bit more difficult to navigate than I would like.  I am certain they will improve it.
Yeah.  If you like the movie, you're gonna love this slots game.  I have found it's a little tight.. but the graphics and story makes it a great time waster.  Also, you do NOT have to have internet connection to play.  It doesn't freeze or shut down.  So far, I like it.
It's a great way to search an area for sale or rent...  You can set the notifications which is useful.  If you looking to buy or rent, I recommend it.
UPDATE 3/17/2018 AVOID ALL ZYNGA games. If they decide to &#34;end&#34; a game - all the purchases you make in game are gone... not to mention any and all tokens.  What a HUGE ripoff.  BOYCOTT ZYNGA.  Unless you don't care about money.  Soooo disappointed.<br />UPDATE....9/8/2016...  I have REPEATEDLY attempted to contact the developer to inform them that you cannot click on and review ads for the 3 million tokens.  It freezes and/or shuts down every device I have it loaded on....  a kindle fire....an LG 4 smart phone.....  It is SUPER frustrating because I have sent all the asked for info.  And yet... nothing gets fixed.  Honestly, it's not worth the hassle... it WAS a sort of fun time waster... Now it's just a waste of time.  Shame on the developer.  And if you've bought ad time on this game... guess what? NO ONE is seeing it.  Grrrrrr  Worse???  This is AN AMAZON APP!!!  Amazon?? WHERE ARE YOU???
SUPER SUPER tight.... Buying tokens didn't help.  REQUIRES you to allow it access to your facebook if you want to &#34;register&#34;.... otherwise you play as an anonymous guest EVEN if you buy tokens.  Frankly, I would pass unless you like selling your facebook ad space and selling out all your friends and family.
Up side.... 1.not a lot of ads... except to buy tokens<br />Down side....<br />1. SUPER tight payouts... (cause they want you to buy tokens, right?) but that makes you less likely to play<br />2.  Once a day &#34;gift&#34; tokens... VERY small - most of the time used in 2 spins<br />3.  They bring in new games and then take them away... so far, the really fun games!<br />4.  A bunch of &#34;high roller&#34; games that are ridiculous to play unless you buy millions of tokens, so they are a waste<br />5.  Even after &#34;buying&#34; tokens they STILL don't pay out any better and STILL accost you with ads to buy more tokens.<br />6.  The worst part is that in order to make an &#34;account&#34; so you don't loose you purchased tokens you MUST allow them access to your facebook!!! You would think if you'd purchased tokens you could set up using an email.. I got the msg after trying to set up with my gmail, &#34;We are currently not allowing account setups with gmail.&#34;  - or any other email.<br />So I guess when I run out of the tokens I bought I will just uninstall.<br />BEWARE of &#34;unhelpful&#34; votes as they are likely the seller that doesn't like that you are providing honest reviews.
lots of ads.... but it hasn't crashed my kindle hd yet... so I will keep it.  The ads actually interrupt your game which is REALLY annoying, in fact almost a deal breaker for me.  I don't &#34;purchase&#34; in game so the ads come along with the deal. It never really lets you get &#34;ahead&#34;... perhaps if you &#34;buy&#34; the tokens it might let you win more?  I am on the fence.  If I run out of tokens, I will just uninstall.  I will say that some of the slots available are sort of interesting... others are incredibly boring.  Something for everyone I guess.
I like Amazon music with prime much better than Pandora... it's FREE (with Prime).  Now... if it were as easy to use as Pandora and others, it would 5 star.  I love that it doesn't limit the skip forwards... you can still rate the songs... and there are SO many choices.  Just ANOTHER reason to get prime, every year.
This is a pretty easy game... but I like it.  I also put it with my grandson's game list on my cell as he really enjoys this type of puzzle/think games.  I have a LG G4 and so far, no issues.  I will update if there are any problems.
I have to admit that I was one of those who jumped ship WAY back when they decided to raise the prices SO much.  I had the get the DVD in the mail type account.  After a fair amount of time and improvements in service, I've returned for the streaming.  I do really love the access on the Fire Stick.  AND I hear that Netflix will begin being available at Marriotts.  That is perfect for me as I travel a LOT I stay exclusively at Marriotts for the points.  Win..win.
I have a kindle HD... so far it hasn't crashed... but the sound is a bit wanky on some of the sounds... I would give it an additional star for better quality sound and less obvious looping - making the sounds longer so you can't figure the pattern... Some of the sounds are just awful... what they call &#34;air conditioning&#34; sounds like blasting jet engines to me.  But if that is &#34;white noise&#34; for you, you'll love it.  The cat purring is pretty cool - if you have a cat or miss your cat... Wish the &#34;chimes&#34; was not so sharp --- a deeper tone. There are &#34;adjustments&#34; but they aren't quite enough to make the sounds comfortable.  You could possibly wake the dead with the sharp tones of the &#34;chimes&#34; -plus the loop on this one is way too short.... Anyway... I pretty sure there's something for everyone.  It's all personal preference. I dislike that just leaving the app doesn't turn it off.  You have to actually chose &#34;exit&#34; on a drop down list.  Anyway... For the sounds and use as &#34;white&#34; noise&#34;....I recommend giving it a try and decide for yourself.
Nope.  Not only did it NOT work... it messed up my fire remote causing Amazon to send a replacement.  What a drag.  I have a Samsung Galaxy S5.  Too bad they encourage you in the Fire Stick tutorial to &#34;pair&#34; your android/iphone to your stick.  What a big mess.  Not a fan.<br />*However... after remote was replaced, the Fire Stick works well.. just remember you must be connected to really strong, reliable internet for streaming or face the constant &#34;slow internet&#34; popup.....
Honestly, this is probably a game meant for the 8-10 year range... so I am a BIT beyond their &#34;target&#34; age.  That being said... I like the mind numbing quality and the distraction of it.  You &#34;accept&#34; rescue animals, feed, treat, care for them and then they are adopted or released.  It's time management, although there is no penalty and task juggling. You can accumulate pretend $$ that allow you to &#34;purchase&#34; other items, yard decor, etc... I don't notice any annoying app habits (ads, contstant reminder pop-ups - etc).  I think it does drain a bit of your battery... but I usually don't play it that long.  I also have a task killer to be sure it's off when I'm done as with all apps.  Honestly, it's good, easy fun.  I hope they will itroduce new animals as time goes on and new care options.  I got this as a free app of the day, however, it would be worth a buck or two to me otherwise. Happy brain break to all!
got this game for those moments when I have to sit for a minute or two... it's fun... maybe alittle complicated but still fun.  I actually got this for my 4 year old grandson to work on with me.  We like to laugh together and this definitely works in that world.
Ahhhh... there is only one tune and once you do it successfully I guess you just keep doing the same thing to beat your last time?? It would be cool if there were a dozen different tunes... different levels... increasing the challenge?  I think it could be a lot more fun... it's just not to me....I just uninstalled it.
This is great if you have a few minutes to waste, this is a great game.... you tap the matching icons... I was confused for just a second trying to slide the icons to match them. I have this loaded on my kindle fire HDX and my samsung galaxy 5. No problems so far.
The puzzles are Xmas themed as you would expect. There is a small ad bar on bottom of screen that isn't annoying. The games are very easy but it does offer a hint before you 'hang'. I think this would be fun for 8-10yrs. Probably too easy for adults but if you are looking for a holiday time blower this is a good one. You can register and track highest scores. Nice that you aren't asked to buy more stuff as you're playing.
Overall, I pretty much am not in love with Facebook, but if you want to keep in touch with the youngsters in your family, you've got to do facebook... which means getting the app too.  I have a Samsung Galaxy 5 and it seems to work. But I do prefer to access Facebook from my computer.  Easier to see all the options.
Sadly this game crashed my phone every single time I tried to use it.... Samsung Galaxy5...
I travel Alaska multiple times a year.  App works and is useful.  I haven't had any issues with it.  NOTE: if you purchase a &#34;vacation package&#34; on the website, the app will not help you with your seats or other changes.. you will have to call the &#34;vacation specialists&#34; for that still. Will move to 5 stars once they can add that.
My husband convinced me to try this app as we are traveling more on United than in the past... it's very easy to use.  You can change seats, do some upgrades and basically see what's going on with your flight.  So much quicker than a phone call. So far, no negative effects on my phone, ie... crashes, etc...  I like it.
Honestly, this is pretty good for free.  The ads are too annoying and it's a brainless time waster.  I have a galaxy 5 and it works well.
I have a samsung galaxy 5... and it crashed my phone about three times so I removed it.  Also, the ads were so annoying.
This game is pretty light weight, but it is amusing.  While I tried I actually bought it for my 3 1/2 grandson thinking he will like it... explore it... The good news is that there isn't any annoying ads, popups, or bloat ware that I am aware of or have noticed. I actually really like playing it.  The old guy's voice is so sweet with his accent and encouraging comments.  It's sort of a puzzle/solution type of game. He tells you what he wants you to do and then you figure out, with the seemingly random pieces, how to accomplish the task. I got it as a FAOTD.  Hope you can catch it if comes back around, however, I think I might actually pay for it.  Hope this helps in some way.
It may be free to download and play for a few rounds... but then the &#34;opportunity&#34; to pay to advance is presented.  I just HATE that.  And thus, I quickly uninstalled.  Before discovering the paid &#34;opportunites&#34; I found it just &#34;ok&#34; and quickly boring.
I downloaded this game and played several rounds before deciding it just wasn't fun.  As others reported, the size of the screen is problematic.  In fact, I didn't realize the first game I had to slide the scene back and forth as there were areas I wasn't seeing and was &#34;missing&#34; items.  Just wasn't as good as I had hoped for.  If you like it, good!  This is just my personal opinion!
I thought this would be a little more full anatomy... it's mostly muscular.  Which is great if that is your study.  It is a personal choice and this app is just not for me.
I got this app to help me relax and practice meditation.  It is a personal choice, but I found this app helpful.  I also believe that this type of relaxation and meditation is good for mind and body.
My grandson loves this game.  I have a several on my phone for whenever the time arises.  He loves trains and puzzles so this works brilliantly.
I have a variety of games for my 3 year old grandson to play on my phone and he likes this one.  I prefer games that have something to offer educationally and this one is great.  Challenging but still fun.
Listen, most word games are about all the same... and this one is too.  But it is fun, makes your brain think.  But it's not too hard.  Just enough to make you think and yet, not too hard so that it isn't fun.
I use Open table mostly when I am traveling.  It is helpful when trying to locate a restaurant nearby AND see the menu before getting there.  Open Table offers the phone number and map directions.  I have collected a bunch of diner &#34;points&#34;... not sure what I will do with them... but supposedly you'll get free meals and such.  Haven't done that yet, so I can't speak to that.  I do think it's very handy to use just about everywhere.
My 3 year old grandson starts with this one, before moving on to puzzles and such... He LOVES it.  I thought he would get tired of it but so far, not.  I find myself doodling with it from time to time.  It does appear to carry spy or bloatware so that is a bonus too.
I got this as a free app of the day. Its a good time spender. Has never crashed and as far as I can tell no malware. It did annoy me by the rating pop up between games so hopefully this will solve that. I play it and so does my 3 year grandson. He likes to cut the buttons and then &amp;#34;back up&amp;#34; to start over. Its great free but I probably would have considered buying it.
I got this for my 2 yr old grandson. He LOVES it. Bonus, it didn't suck my battery. I was worried some of the games would be too hard but no. I would easily recommend this one.
a necessary read
It's really amazing. Reminds me not to drink too much water at once.
But unfortunately you can’t play it on newer versions of computers.  We love it so much with our son thought we would try it with our grandson.
DVD 's arrive on time and in good condition. Reasonable, low pricing for subscription.
As a legal immigrant, I feel they are anti American, I love America and love Trump.
I love this app on my Fire 10 pad, I set it on my tread mill, and walk very fast with it. Exercise is boring without it. This is fun.<br />Lost 7 pound without trying.
I assume it is great, but Twitter tells me my phone number is used by some one else, I gave them my house phone. HELLO, stupid Twitter tells me they mailed me password, really on a land line phone? Smart Twitter acting stupid. I have my telephone number forever on my Amazon account and smart phone. I do not know how I can get on Twitter. Maybe someone can give me advice for my smart phone, I sure not smart enough to tell Twitter or know how to contact them.
Useless, wants me to put in the name, how do I know the name from callers, who call you all day. Only telephone numbers do not work alone for blocking.
I keep the Amazon Fire Phone in my pocket all day. The End of the day, I see if I met my goal, I average 6000-10,000 per day. which keeps me fit. Great App. Shows how far I went, calories  etc.
I have FB for 5 years, and really got into it, I enjoy my page: I LOVE AMERICA.  Have almost 11,000 FB people, we enjoy the same conservative views and it keeps me busy. It is actually a job. (joking) Recommend it highly. Thank you FB, who every invented it.
Being from Europe and like German, Italian and French music. This is the greatest music station ever. You can build your own radio, 1000's of German albums and from over every country in the world.  If you classical fantastic. I also love 60's music form America. You will love this station. I promise it. 7 days are free, or you can pay 3.99 this is word it. It is a great company.
Recommend it highly for my Amazon Fire Phone and it is free.
I hate this app so much so not but it.
Good apps. But have code for digital and some don’t work very fussy and movies are too expensive
Great video
Ok
Ok
Ok
Ok
Ok
Ok
Ok
Not fun
Ok
Ok
Ok
Ok
Ok for kids
Good for kids
Good for kids
Good for kids
Good for kids
Fun for kids
Good for kids
Great for the kids
Good for the kids
Ok for the kids
Ok for kids
Good game for kids
Good game for kids
Good game for kids
Good game for kids
Ok good kid
Fun for kids great gift
Ok game for CNN kids
Ok game
Ok game
Ok game
ok game!!!! end up not playing that much.....
hate this game, too hard for children.....
ok
it was ok kids had hard time knowing what to do it way over small children heads.....
it ok game can be hard for small children....
play all the time and enjoy it...
hated this game...
kids hated this game...
Stupid game hate from the first.....
hate this game...
hate this game
hate this game
hate this game...
love playing this ...
hate this game
hate this game....
did not like it...
ok
fun gam have when ever i need it it harder than it looks but i love playing this game will by more as i see them.
never new about this game, i'm learning more with how to play it, great game to have, love playing it.
Signing up for HULU with fire tv is a pain in the A**. You cannot manage the hulu account. When you tru to manage the account from HULU, it  refers you to the Hulu.com site, but that site has no record of the account since it was set up thru the FIRE TV device. When you try to manage the account thru Amazon prime, you cannot access the account since it is with HULU , and HULU is not a PRIME channel. This is absurd. You should be able to manage your account either on the FIRE TV app, where it was initially setup (and billed via Amazon Pay) or you should be able to manage the HULU account via the HULU .com site.
So far, I have really enjoyed the two levels that I have played. You have several useful controls of appearance, timer or not that allow you to customize it to your preferences. Nice, fun, stable app. Thanks!!!
Great game, got stuck on playing it as soon as it installed which is rare for me, cute character, fun as hell, just enough of a challenge to keep you interested
It's a great app you do have to pay for some drawings but the best superheroes u don't have  to pay for
The app was trying to get me to spend money....It should be free with FireTV
NO THANK YOU
Was unable to view because I am not willing to purchase movies.
Tried to see the newest episode of &#34;POWER&#34; and STARZ only provided trailers. Very disappointed.
Awesome app works amazing<br />This is a must
It doesn';t work; I want a refund!
I've been using this app for about a month and it's been very reliable.
I am really enjoying listening to music, hearing the news and weather reports, and using it as a timer.  I can't wait to see what else Alexander can do.
I enjoy that I can make the puzzles more difficult by levelling up.
This 'punny&amp;#34; word game is fun to play and is mentally challenging.
Just Jumble is almost like the daily newspaper column.  It is enjoyable, just difficult enough to be challenging, but not frustrating.
So far, so good.  Easy download, works well.  As other reviewers have stated, you can not tell what the issue is that is being fixed.  It sort of makes you feel like you don't know what happened  but probably should.
I have not played Backgammon in a number of years but thought this would be a nice addition to my Kindle HD, something that I could play alone or with someone.  It is a fun, entertaining game.  The colors and picture are vibrant and I just enjoy playing it.
I thought I would look for something my teenage son might be able to entertain himself with while waiting for me at the doctor's office.  I saw this game and thought why not give it a try.  I will say that part of the fun of this game is the challenge of being able to control the movement of the truck.  Ha!Ha!  It goes against years of actual driving habits.  My son was even challenged by it!  I look forward to more practice with this game.
Every time I clicked for the next picture to find the objects an ad popped up for another kind of game. Other than that, I enjoyed it.
Love all the movies. Lots to watch.
Shows are old.
Honestly, I hated this. You can't search for movies or shows (really??) or save things to a favorites list (2 features I need a streaming service to offer). Most importantly, the selection is garbage - it's all old stuff. I didn't see ANY of the shows that I watch available. This is comparable to basic television from the mid-90's. I don't understand how anyone would like it. The people I know who use it & like it are 60 years old & not at all tech-savvy. After uninstalling this, I signed up for a 2-week free trial of YouTube TV & I am OBSESSED with it. You can search for movies/shows, watch live TV, DVR anything you want with no storage limit.. I have 116 shows saved & 89 movies.. and it's new stuff! Do that instead!
I can't start the game it doesn't Work Terrible game Fix it please:(
Over the years I have used many different antivirus and internet security products including AVG, Panda, Trend Micro, Symantec (Norton), Bitdefender, McAfee, Webroot, Avast!, Vipre (GFI) and various others.  They all had strengths and weaknesses and eventually I would have to abandon one and move on to another.  I finally settled on one that I have used for a number of years now.  Unfortunately that product had slipped in the ratings in recent years and my subscription was about to run out so decided to try Kaspersky, which I had read very good things about.  Keep in mind that these days a simple anti-virus program isn't enough to keep you secure.  You either need to use multiple products that protect from different kinds of threats or you need a more comprehensive package of protection.  The best security products also now include checking for updates on common programs that most computers have (such as browsers).  Kaspersky Total Security has that.  They also have built in secure browser capability, so you can do online banking without worrying about data being exposed (called Safe Money) and another one called secure connection.  It wasn't clear what the difference between the two is and secure connection is limited to 200mb a day unless you pay extra to remove the limitation.  There is a lot in the product including the ability to encrypt files, a password manager and a system vulnerability scanner and fixer.  It even includes a backup and restore program and parental controls.  It doesn't seem too resource hungry, which is why I had to abandon some products in the past; they just slowed the computer too much.  Overall, it seems like a really nice package and rates highly in virus detection.  You won't go wrong buying this product.  So why only 4 stars?  Well, I am rating the specific package that I got.  I was disappointed when I opened the package, because it is nothing except an activation key and a few pages of instructions.  I ran into problems right away with the instructions.  It recommends signing up at my.kaspersky.com where you can enter and manage your license(s).  I tried repeatedly to add my license after signing up and could not do it; kept getting the message that it wasn't able to and to try again later.  Finally it just said the license had expired.  I gave up and used a different tactic and I recommend you do this too if you buy one of these license packages.  I just went to the main website, downloaded and installed the product.  Then when I ran it, it requested the activation key, which I entered.  Everything went fine then.  A word about support.  When I ran into the difficultly on my.kaspersky.com, I contacted support and they responded very quickly in just a few hours.  I hope this is an indication of their usual levels of support.  I was impressed.  You won't go wrong with Kaspersky, but remember nothing will protect you completely.  There is no substitute for practicing safe computing.  Update: Kaspersky will not install on Windows XP if your disks are FAT32.  Your disks have to be NTFS.  You can convert from FAT32 to NTFS, but there are risks of losing your data if you do that.
I have used simple drawing programs before, but thought it was time to really try a full featured one.  The install of this program went perfectly; no issues at all and was easy; just a few simple questions to answer.  It does take a while to install; about 1/2 hour or so on my older PC.  The program loads quickly and runs well, even though it is a big program consisting of 5 separate components.  It seems comprehensive enough to do any and all graphics work that you might want to accomplish.  I was able to create some simple objects and fill them with various colors and text fairly quickly.  The programs include some basic tutorials that help you get started, but they aren't extensive enough to really learn the product comprehensively.  The box shows some gorgeous drawings that were created with the program.  The problem is that you won't be able to quickly create anything that is even close to as good in just a short time.  This program takes a real learning commitment.  Some things are intuitive, but not everything.  If you haven't used a somewhat sophisticated drawing program previously, it will take some time to get up to speed with this.  I felt a bit overwhelmed.  It's not that there is anything difficult that I encountered; just so much to learn before you can do that much.  Some of the terminology had me confused and the number of toolbars and items on them is overwhelming at first.  There are tool and menu bars across the top of the screen and toolbars down both sides too.  The bars change too, depending on what you are doing.  The sheer number of different controls and buttons requires a big time commitment to learn this complex program.  It probably also helps to have some drawing skill, especially with a mouse.  After working with the main drawing program for a while, I got the feeling that to master this would require a training course.  Teaching yourself to use this in the way you want would take far longer than learning it in a class.  I didn't spend time looking to see if there were other tutorials or training courses available.  I only knocked off one star in my review for the difficulty in learning the product in order to use in an effective way.  The product includes access to a lot of on-line art, which is a plus, although I noticed some of that art had watermarks, which would render it less usable and might require an additional subscription fee to remove the watermarks.  There is plenty of art that doesn't have the watermarks and you can always capture images or use your own photos as well.  If you want a complete, comprehensive drawing program, this is it.  Just be prepared to spend a lot of hours learning.  I tested on Windows 7, but I'm sure it works fine on 8 and 10 as well.<br />It has both 32 and 64 bit versions on the disk.
The install of this product was effortless.  Unlike most software, I didn't even have to reboot after the install was done.  I tested a long, complex PDF document and Omnipage did a very good job of converting it into editable text.  It even extracted embedded illustrations, which is something that I did not expect.  This product can save countless hours of retyping a document that you only have a copy of.  Why waste time doing that?  Just read the document into Ominpage and it does the work for you.  Just be careful not to plagiarize anything.  Yes, the program made a few mistakes, but in almost every case, it prompted to about the issue. OCR recognition has come a lot way and this is a program that undoubtedly leads the pack.
In the past I used Webroot products, but finally abandoned them as they just took too many resources and slowed my system.  This newer version appears to have been trimmed down a lot, so it should run fast enough on most systems.  My system is rather old, so not as responsive as newer systems with better processors and more memory.  The first scan of my system took under 2 hours, which is about the same as most other products that I have used.  My main criticism of the scanner is that it comes up with a lot of mostly harmless cookies.  That's nice if you really want to clean your system well, but can be misleading in making you think that this product is catching so much more than others, since other scanners often ignore most cookies.  I seem to recall a lot more features in older versions of this software; this version appears to be stripped down somewhat.  That's probably a good thing, as you don't want your security software too complicated or difficult to set up.  It is better if it sits quietly doing it's thing without needing a lot of tweaks.  This seems like an adequate security program for most needs, but apparently lacks a firewall.  I am not overly impressed with it, but it still holds it's own reasonably well against competitors.  I just think there are somewhat better security programs available.
I have used Panda Antivirus for many years and I can't recall ever getting a virus or at least none that caused any damage.  Once in a while I will check my system with another scanner just to see if Panda is preventing viruses and it appears to be doing an excellent job.  Rarely do I ever find any viruses that are able to slip by Panda.  You won't find a better antivirus prevention program.  It also does a good job on automatic updates.  It's non-intrusive and runs quietly in the background.  The additional protection of the firewall is a plus and the firewall seems to work well too.  Generally I don't like bundled packages, but this combination seems to work flawlessly.  The firewall doesn't have much configurability, so if that's important to you, you might want to just get the antivirus product instead of the combo, but you can turn off the firewall if you want.  The real downside to Panda is that sometimes the install can be a nightmare.  I don't recall having much of an issue with the 2007 version, but some earlier versions were just horrendous.  If you can deal with a sometimes quirky install and finally get it working, the payoff is well worth the struggle.  Some of the easier to install, better known competitors just don't provide as much protection.  Something else to be aware of is that Webroot SpySweeper (a popular anti-spyware program) had some serious conflicts with Panda's scan.  This is not the fault of Panda and Webroot has corrected most of the conflicts in their current version.  There still appears to be one big conflict, but there is a workaround for it.  Panda's support can be a little spotty at times.  Sometimes I have gotten good response; other times it has been a bit slow.  They always seem to respond even if it takes a while.  Since the product works so well once up and running it is rare that you would even need support; most likely you'll need it an install time.  If you are building a new system, install it early and you shouldn't have any issues.  As security products tend to get more comprehensive, there are a bound to be more conflicts and if you try to run multiple products you can have difficulty.  Panda seems no worse (and no better) than any others in that regard.  I highly recommend it even with the caveats mentioned here.
I wanted to install XP without losing Windows 2000, so I followed the instructions with Partition Magic very carefully and everything worked extremely well.  There were a couple of minor glitches, but overall things went much better than I expected.  This is a good product, but it is not for the novice. You need to understand the types of partitions and all the issues involved.  There is an antimated tutorial that comes with the product and it is very well done and explains some of what you need to know before you proceed.  You also MUST create the recovery disks that are recommended.  At one point, without the diskettes, I would have been unable to get to one of my partitions and would have had a difficult time getting that partition back.  Also backup is recommended, as is checking your disk for errors.  If you don't follow the instructions very carefully and understand what you are doing, I can easily see where you could end up with a big mess on your hands.  You may need to know how to change your BIOS settings too, in order to boot from a CD, if the OS you are trying to install is on a CD.  While a novice might get through it all, this tool is definately better used by those who understand how to install operating systems and how disks are structured and partitioned.  I suspect that some exotic configurations with odd disks or operating systems could easily be trashed by this product.  It's very powerful and I am extremely pleased that it did what it claimed to be able to do, on my system.  Again, if you decide to buy this, it is very important that you read the documentation, view the tutorial and understand what the product is doing and what you are doing.  One downside that I encountered is that my USB2 drive is apparently not supported, as PM shows it as BAD, even though the documentation says it supports USB2.  Don't buy it with expectations that it will work on a USB drive.  I have to say that Symantec has a way of dumbing-down some of their products to the point that they aren't as good anymore as when they were owned by other companies.  Although I don't have experience with prior versions of Partition Magic, I do have experience with a couple other products that they bought from other companies.  Their versions just don't measure up to the originals.  Symantec often gets beat up for poor products, but I think it is partly because thier products are in such wide use.<br /><br />You can't cover every quirky system out there and the more widely your product is used, the more potential problems.  For me, it is a love/hate relationship; I can't live with them and I can't live without them.
Absolutely worthless. The GUI elements display far too large for me to be able to click on anything, and of course there is no support, no bug documentation, no help, no concept that this might be a problem for someone and helpful steps for how to solve it. The tutorials and help guides say "just click the button and it works." Except when you can't click the button because it's too far off screen. Moving the windows around doesn't help because, guess what, they can't be resized or minimized at all. And no, my laptop's resolution isn't tiny. It's actually full HD.<br /><br />The latest update also breaks the program so that it doesn't even load, which ironically, works about as good as when it is able to load correctly. Plenty of annoying dialogs, large GUI elements that don't display properly, and zero actual usefulness. A usefully designed GUI would be made so that it could be used even when things like this happen. For example, in 99% of modern user interfaces, pressing ENTER clicks on the 'continue/OK' button automatically, regardless of where said button is located (even if off screen). In Magix Fastcut, pressing ENTER does nothing. You're forced to stare at a stupidly large GUI with no clue how to make it do what it's supposed to do.<br /><br />The program is a waste of money. Don't expect it to work, or receive any support or help. The only thing you'll find online is other posts by other frustrated users who had the same issue and were unable to solve it.
This is such a fun game. It's like the old Tetris game only it doesn't drop and move. But I had to uninstall it because It freezes up constantly
Fun game,challenging levels,but some can be hard and almost impossible to pass,but they just take time.
this is a fun game ,some items are really hard to find,but thats the challenge..lol what I dont like is the rest of it,you have to build cities,read about the people and help them...I just want to find the items not all the rest..good graphics too.
game is ok..will give you something to do ..doesnt always load on my kindle so I took it off
Fun game but you have to buy things to get any progress or keep waiting each day for more items to keep playing
I love hidden object games so I got this one for my kindle.It was a boring game just looking for numbers all the time.guess I will stick to games that you can find diff objects
this is a fun game..really gets you to thinking because each puzzle is not what it seems..the peices look like they should go one way but in the end u might have to move a few around..lol
Turbo Tax Basic is at the low end of the line of Turbo Tax CD/download products, both in terms of price and features.  Turbo Tax Basic walks you through your tax return, providing step by step guidance.  Like other Turbo Tax products, it is reliable and relatively easy to use tax software.  My family has been using Turbo Tax software for over 10 years, and we have been pleased with the results.<br /><br />This basic version of Turbo Tax includes five Federal e-files.  It does not include any state income tax software.  It does provide you with the option to download the software for your state at a significant extra cost.  Considering that over 80 per cent of the states in our country have a state income tax, most users are not going to be satisfied with Turbo Tax Basic.  If you invest in Turbo Tax Basic and then decide you need the additional cost state download, you will end up paying more than if you had just shopped around for a good deal on the Turbo Tax Deluxe Federal and State Version in the first place.<br /><br />If your tax income tax situation does not involve anything complicated, and you're lucky enough to live in Texas or Florida or one of the handful of other states that have no income tax, you may be able to get by with the Turbo Tax Basic version.  However, for most people, it is not the way to go--get the Turbo Tax Deluxe version that includes one State download.
Anne Frank House: House With A Story is a marvelous tool that enables students a deeper exploration of Anne Frank's world. This is perfect for classroom use in conjunction with studying Anne's diary. You have the chance to explore Prinsengracht from the ground up, searching for hidden memories in the warehouse, offices, and the Franks' hiding quarters. There are numerous small details that truly bring Anne's world to life in a way that the film version never did for me. A narrator reads portions of Anne's diary as that particular section of the house is explored.<br /><br />Anne's whole world is laid out in astonishing detail, from deeper explorations of her fellow residents-in-hiding, interviews, and short stories. Also included are detailed timelines of a typical day in the Secret Annex, People, and Hidden Places. The CD-ROM features more than 1,000 historical photos, 15 video files (including the only moving pictures of Anne Frank), over 300 slideshows, and four hours of spoken text and other audio effects.
I had read &quot;Le Petit Prince&quot; many years ago when I was a child. It was given to me as a gift, and at the time I put it away. A few years later I dusted it off and gave it another try. Then, in a literature class we read the book again. Many of my friends loved &quot;Le Petit Prince.&quot; Our campus in Québec even had a showcase window with all of the &quot;Little Prince&quot; merchandise you could want. But somehow the story was lost on me.<br />Along came this marvellous software from German publisher Tivola. Contrary to what some reviewers have said, I found that installing and using the software to be very easy. Once I opened the box there was a small manual that covered the interface, gameplay and troubleshooting that got me started on my way.<br />The game interface on &quot;The Little Prince&quot; is the coolest interactive menu I have ever seen. You start out floating through the universe, past stars, the moon, spinning planets populated by characters from the book...you can move in any direction, accompanied by soothing spacemusic.<br />There are several different options with the software. You can have the story narrated and click on interactive illustrations, care for the Little Prince's home and rose on Asteroid B-612, explore an interactive biography of the author Antoine de Saint-Éxupéry, play the Fox Taming game on Earth that, when you tame him, you are given access to personalized stationary and a diary. All of the animations and music are top-notch. This is a labour of love that finally breathed life into &quot;Le Petit Prince&quot; for me. I entered his world and saw things through his eyes. Perfect for children of all ages (including grown-up ones).
A few years ago I bought 31 Languages of the World by Transparent Software and I was impressed by the number of languages, games and activities. When I saw that they had released 101 Languages of the world I couldn't resist!<br />As someone who works with 4+ languages on a daily basis, I also enjoy studying languages as a hobby. It was fascinating to see some of the lesser studied European languages and variants such as Asturian, Provençal, Basque, and Catalan.<br />The games provided are great for reviewing or brushing up on vocabulary and grammar. Recording conversations and completing dialogues was also very helpful to get a feel for phrasing and pronunciation.<br />It is refreshing to see a software company taking the effort to enlist native speakers and record unusual languages, such as Blackfoot, Quechua, Hawaiian, Welsh, Xhosa, Wolof, and even some that I was not familiar with.<br />The important thing to remember is that no, using this product will not make you fluent. It will introduce you to grammar, pronunciation, culture, and common phrases. Native speakers are a plus, but I did not like the fact that languages that made use of symbols rather than letters were Romanized, such as Japanese, Chinese, Arabic, etc. In the long run it is much more difficult to pick up the symbols after learning the language.<br />Still, this is a great product at a reasonable price for anyone with an interest in languages, either learning for the first time or for reviewing. Give this software a try, have fun, and good luck!
It doesn't teach you new words.  It's more of a quiz.  It gives you a few words, then starts a quiz but doesn't tell you what the words are in English.
Fun learning but disappointed in the fact that you must be online to use the program.  We don't always have wifi, I was hoping my daughter would be able to use the program in the vehicle.  It would be great if it was on a DVD that could be taken with her.  I'm only giving it 3 starts due to that fact.  It is a fun way to learn and if you are always near Wifi, you'll love it. It cannot be use for on the go learning.
Easy 1-2-3 set up<br />The box includes the software CD, along with the headset (jack output, not USB).  In addition, you can use the download version from their website which is what I did.<br />I used the Dragon Naturally Speaking download version on a Windows 8.1 laptop. You couldn't have asked for a smoother download. Within minutes, I was up and running and ready to let Dragon do my typing for me.  I ran into a little glitch when my virus software spotted a virus on the download.  I wasn't sure if it was just the antivirus software that was being touchy or if it was an actual virus.  I then ended up using the CD for download to play it safe.<br />The program is very easy to use.  There were a few typos along the way, maybe because I speak fast.  The software kept up with me though!  You need to tell the program when you want punctuation.<br />I only hesitate on the 5 star due to the  virus on their download site.
I had no trouble installing it and was able to use it as I would Word.  It was easy to work with.  Great for someone that just wants to do basic stuff for home and/or a home office.
The product just didn't work with my computer. I left feedback for this item before but it never shows up.  I can't remember the problems I had with the product but it just didn't work out for us.
This looks like a used copy. It did not come in a box . It is a Christmas present and ndid not come as shown in the picture.
I had no use for it! She kept arguing with me!
This is the best, simple program for non-professionals! It does it all without great complications.
Fun game, very challenging!
Fun game!
Different but not wildly entertaining. Just fills time while I wait for the other games to recycle.
Boring!
Stupid!
Habit forming, but too much emphasis on paying.
This is the best bingo game. Lots of fun game choices. Great collections.
My son is studying computer programming/IT at college. He loves drawing (paper/pencil) and has played around with various art related websites and free programs over the last few years. He has been playing around with this software for a few weeks now. He says it's been pretty user friendly and easy to pick up. He's been very impressed with what he has been able to do with with it. The biggest obstacle he had was with installation and that was only because this was the disc option and he doesn't have a CD drive on his laptop. He was able to borrow an external CD drive from me and got it installed pretty quickly after that. He's finished with this semester and plans to spend a lot more time creating art with this software.
I am really enjoying the eBay app! I recently got a new phone & decided to try the eBay app. I love getting the little "cash register" ding when I have a notification. As an occasional seller, it's nice to be able to see what's going on with my auctions without having to sit down at the computer. So far it's been easy to navigate my way around. Update: I continue to really like this app! It has made selling things much faster. I use my PC to list my auctions, but now I can take pictures from my phone & because I have the app, I can add it directly to the listing. That is so much faster than uploading the pictures to my listing from my camera. I also really love the "quiet time" feature in the settings which silences the notifications while I am asleep.
I use turbo tax every year and it's so easy.  "Grabs" all necessary info from W2's and my quicken from online data.  Guides you step by step to file and get refund.
We love Pbs kids! My little guy has a slight speech delay and super why has been such a blessing for him! after speech therapy and lots of one on one time, he enjoys the fun aspect of learning from Super Why! ❤️
I needed to convert a pdf to a jpg.  I searched online for a free program, since I only needed to use it once.  Every place said, "free", but they charged money to actually save the conversion.  I stumbled upon Doxillion Document Converter, downloaded it, converted and saved my new image, and am a very happy lady.
The game is a lot of fun, and I will continue to play.  However, four times now I have purchased an energy package, and not received it: As soon as I place the order, the game freezes and has to be reset.  When I reset the game, I do not receive what I purchased, but they have taken my money.  So far, this has happened four times: $3.99, $19.99, $14.99 and $3.99.  I have contacted "Customer Service" about this issue, but they have never gotten back to me.
So much fun.
A lot of fun, and a good way to pass the time.
Fun game.  Very addicting.
Fun game. Moves fast.
Really like this game. I play it on my kindle and it works great. A lot of fun.
Fun game to play.
You load this and it's a big ad for the payed for version
You need to try this. There are many like this game but this one you are on a clock.
Awesome thanks
You have the best game ever I wish I could rate more than five like unlimited
Free 30 day trial. Nothing much interested in
Takes almost 3hrs to watch one episode<br />Can only watch about 3mins of a show,then get this message as shown in pic. I have an Amazon fire stick I'm using,purchased this year. This doesn't happen on none of my other apps. When that message appears on screen, I can open another app and watch with no problems
Does not seem to pick up everything
I really like the options and playlists. I get the variety I want with prime.
Plays well.<br />Large print for easy viewing.  too many adds.
YouTube to the next level
YouTube is dope.
I enjoy playing this game.  Pasts' time with a 😃.
I find it,s very relaxing. A big help to fall asleep.  Thank you!
it help pass the time and I enjoy!
A welcomed peaceful feeling before bed time or other stress!
,,Go Fish!!!!<br />  You are great at gaming!!!!! twenty words are too much I want to play sorry.!!!!!!<br />I RELLY WANT TO PLAY. PLEAE LET ME INIS NOW.
This is LOTS OF FUN AND  RELAXING TO PLAY BEFORE SLEEP. I LIKE THE CHOICES OF DIFFERENT GAMES TO PLAY
AGAIN 7 DRAGONS DID IT !  ENJOY THE  LOOKS OF THIS GAME, KEEP UP THE COOL WORKS  THANKS AGAIN FOR US OLDER FOLKS TOO!
I ENJOY PLAYING THIS ONE, IT IS RELAXING AND EASY TO DO, THANKS FOR THE EXTRA FUN FOR A OLD LADY!
Great game!
ONLY PARTIAL RECOVERIES OF MUSIC AND PHOTO FILES - NO MOVIE FILES RECOVERED FROM QUICK FORMATTED 1-T HARD DRIVE...<br /><br />TOOK MANY-MANY 24 HR. DAYS TO RECOVER...<br /><br />FAILED TO PROVIDE HELP...
AMAZON THEN REQUIRES A NEW $7.00 FEE FOR UPS TO RETURN IT…<br /><br />I THREW IT IN THE TRASH…<br /><br />***
Error<br />Sorry, this video is not currently available.
Cannot open a simple comma separated variable (csv) file as a 2-column spreadsheet.  Help offers no help.
Great app, easy to use, intuitive and fast real-time display of audio waveform.
Realistic golf game with great graphics.  Nice selection of courses.  Cannot play offline, however, and occasional server-side problems prevents game from starting (even with working internet connection).
Accurate MIDI file playback with excellent general midi instrument sounds.  Nice display showing note playback in real-time.
Didnt start up properly on my kindle fire.  Sound but blank screen.
Swipe memory keys aside for advanced math functions?  But no trig functions. I must be a super genius to need those.  I'm extra advanced!  In other words, say what it CAN'T do so I don't waste my time downloading a basic calculator.
Just about every year using this software I need to back-track to correct some final check inconsistency, or add a form that wasn't part of the step-by-step interview.  But this year takes the cake:  &#34;nonallowed characters are present in the interest form&#34; was the error in the final check.  Which characters and which interest form???  It didn't tell me.  I could not electronically file with this error.  So I had to go through all the fields in all the interest forms and guess as to which were the nonallowed characters.  It was parentheses in the bank name I suppose since it passed when I deleted those characters.  Data format validation should be done by the program immediately after it's entered NOT at the end!
We have been using Turbo Tax for our taxes for the last few years. So far our experience is very good.
Fun to play but crashes constantly on kindle fire
I like to play this game
It is a fun game better then the first game you should download this game its free whats. Better then free
I love it. I suck at fixing or installing anything . Took me 20 minutes to install.  Everything about it is awesome.  Live veiw. Taped. Sound . All amazing. Love that you can see the machine itself. People see and won't act up or steal. I love in a court and a lot goes on. I effing love it. The cost is nothing compared to the comfort. Sorry it 100 times over. But it if you're looking !!!
Great shows & movies
Get to watch all my shows!
I love the content of HBO Max, but the only downfall is that it goes off often and says an error occurs. Very frustrating! :( but not enough to cancel. :)
Sure this is quick and easy I like the quick response but I really don't like my health records on display.
This game is fast paced fun watch ur moves they run out fast.
Fun addictive can't stop!!!!!!
So far so good it's fun hard to advance!!!!!
I just got this game fun so far
So much fun levels are quick some are a little tricky but fun!!!
I like cookie jam some of the puzzle s r difficult I'm still playing
While I like the graphics their s no explanation that would be be helpful
I just started playing this game I have no opinion?
This game is weird you don't advance quickly it's kinda boring I really don't know how long I'll keep playing?
This is a fast paced game you will have loads of fun!
I earned lots of coin fun
It's fast pace bingo game ! Quite addictive fun!!!
I love that variety of the games just wish  tha odds were better!!!!
This game is fast past Fun!!!!
This game makes the brain think. (?)
I just love this awesome game.  It really makes you use your noggin!
I can't stop!!  I love this game!  It makes me want to spell everything I can
I  like this. /(' ~ ' )\  This calms me down , when I'm having a stressful day \ (&#34; + &#34; ) / It makes me feel like I'm taking control of something.  Watch a commercial and you can earn coins. You can buy more puzzles 😉
This is better than lost cities.  Lost city has no.  This game is well directed. Meaning you can actually follow it!
😮
😲
I love this . They have lots of puzzles,😀
I really like this game!  It's not boring. When you play its never the same
WOW!!  Something that is free! (&quot;&quot;)
I really love this game!!  what I like about this is you get lots of chances to play. and this is probably the best game that is really free. not to tell me &quot; I need to buy more levels!!&quot;  which drives me crazy!
I liked it. at least it doesn't try to make me. buy lives. and it doesn't say come back later
this game is easy but sometimes it can trick you. when it does  then you realize.  oh I should have known that.
Wouldn't sync up with my fire stick
Not reliable, but when it works it's great
Fabulous for when you don't have a real address or when you need it super fast
I don't remember this AP being so bad on my iPhone. Regret this purchase.
Good Product
Good Product
Good Product
Good Product
Good Product
Good product
Good product
Bitdefender is installed on our cellphones, laptops, and desktop. It has been problem-free in all respects. I just added two years to the one year remaining on my subscription. Install it and forget it - you won't even know it's  there.<br /><br />As for price, I have found special offers online that make the cost of this excellent product more than reasonable.<br /><br />At the moment, I fully expect to renew it three years from now.
I will tell you right at the top that Kaspersky is one of my favorite security suites. I have found it to be sophisticated but easy to install and set up. One feature I love is the built-in ad blocker -- makes most ads in websites disappear. (It does NOT do this by default -- you choose it in settings). Since you must purchase a renewal every year, I like the fact that I am able to buy the software at drastically reduced cost. Not so with some other providers.<br /><br />I have used Kaspersky off and on for years, I have never had a major attack, and the minor ones have been prevented or dispatched quickly. If you have never used this software, give it a try. I think you will be glad you did.
Over the last ten years I have tried most of the major internet security suites (including Kaspersky, BitDefender, McAfee, Eset). I was always searching for a suite that would work well on my workhorse 2002 Dell as well as more recent systems (newer desktop, laptops, notebook). It was not easy to find one piece of software that was equally effective for old and new alike. Some of the other programs slowed my older PC to a crawl. For the past three years I have used the Norton internet security suite and I believe I now have the ideal choice for all of my computers.<br /><br />Norton Internet Security is very unobtrusive. Most of the time I do not even know it is there. There are no glitches on my older Dell. For this I am grateful. My newer computers run flawlessly with this software.<br /><br />Now the one feature that has "hooked me for life" is Norton's Identity Safe. This component saves all of your UIDs and passwords on your PC. You can see each combination whenever you wish. Identity Safe will ask you if you want to save any changes you make whenever you make them. With this component you can do the prudent thing: you can use as many different UIDs and password combos as you wish; in this way you avoid using the same combination for every account you have. Experts recommend that you use different passwords (instead of the same UID-password for every account you have) so that there is not a single "key" to all of your internet account "doors."<br /><br />If you are looking for a set-and-forget security system that is minimally intrusive and does not hog your computer's resources, give Norton a try.
jump roll duck play this game<br />!!!!!!!
awesome this game is AWESOME
Sometimes easy, sometimes hard but definitely fun fun fun fun
Did great improving my streaming ability
I find it difficult to search for things i might want to watch. More or less need to almost need to already know hat you want. Does have severs series I found by accident
Great product.  I have used Norton Internet Security for years.  I buy this product every year, easy download, great protection for my computer.  No problems what so ever.  I have Windows XP & works well w/Norton.
Love to color and do so with my Grandchildren.
Fun game but I don't like that they want you to buy stuff...
I use this all the time. Great for grocery shopping so you don't forget what you need to get. Get it!!
All I can say is this game is alot of fun.  Well worth getting for all ages!
How disappointing. I did all my leg work for this product and come to find out it doesn't work on my mac. VERY disappointing.
Free cable on a selected few channels. I could watch the cats 24/7 all the time
We use it all the time. We love YouTube
No thanks
Looking for a free cable app? Well this is not the one for you! This one has a free 7 days but after that it charges you to watch cable, it may be less than the cable companies charge but for me to watch all the channels i like i would have had to purchase both packages and it would have ended up being the same amount as what im paying the cable company now. Not worth it in my opinion.
Downloaded it but never watched it. Maybe now that im home more i will get to.
Not what i was looking for. Maybe be okay for other people.
Down loaded it for one show, not paying to watch that one show so i uninstalled it
Works great on firestick
Its free what can i say
I've been using Turbo Tax for years with no problems.  This year's version has an added feature.  You have to enter an activation code to use it.  I could not get the program to accept the activation code, even after long discussions on the phone with TT tech support.  I tried all of their suggestions with no success.  Today, I gave up and downloaded H&R Block tax software.  It uses an activation code, too, but theirs worked and allowed me to install the program and open it.
I'm not sure I'm crazy about the subscription idea, but I do like that I could install this on two PC's and a laptop for one price, and since you can put it on up to 5 devices for one $99 fee, I still have the option of loading it onto a tablet or something else if the need arises.  I wasn't crazy about having to download it onto each of my computers.  It takes forever to download.  I get my Internet through my TV cable, but it's not all that fast.  It would have been nice to be able to order it on disc and save the download time.  Fortunately, my ISP doesn't charge by the gigabyte or impose a data limit.  I probably should have just downloaded Word, as that's all I ever use, but the whole Office 365 program isn't much more expensive than Word alone.  I just hope the annual subscription doesn't go up before it's time to renew.  I like being able to save my work to Skydrive so I can access it on whichever PC or laptop I choose.
Very disappointed. Will not renew after trial. Cannot log in.
I like the different type of tower's. The hidden keys. I have this on 2 devices. Both on desperate levels 😂😂😂❤️ yes I'm addicted!!
Really not fair to give you a review for the few days that I have actually been able to access the channel.  I have had a very bad time with my Wi-Fi  connection.  I will compete a review when I have watched enough for a fair evaluation.
Everything is always easier with GOOGLE !!!!
It's amazingly awesome stuff. Good graphics.
Facebook is Facebook!
Boring, just another bingo game.
Didn't look like the photos,  sleeves were different.
Its great fun. I love bingo a d this is one of the best apps
Waist of time unless you're into that kind of thing( spying on people)
Its wish, just more expensive.
Goodness, I love this game!!!😉
One of my very favorite s
It's pretty average of all the other Internet BINGO s
didn't order this, didn't want it, it just showed up one day.  I hate that about amazon fire tv.
another lame free app that should be good but the content is lousy.  just another "free" advertisement to get you go to buy the actual channel and pay a monthly fee to see the good stuff.
another lame free app that doesn't really have any quality content but hey it was free
another dumb app to load to your phone or television that is really lame but it was free but it's lame so you're just wasting space
pretty lame, most of these seem to be for going to sleep, which why do I need a video prompt when my eyes are closed?
This is my go-to game when I need to quiet my mind
I gave this to my 18yr old Granddaughter.<br />We did not understand how to use this!<br />She is a artist, but this seemed strange to her, something to be used with the computer.
Fun channel
Fun channel
Fun channel
Fun channel
Love this to listen to my favorite stations- KDWB and K102 in MN!
Fun channel
Fun channel
Fun channel
Fun channel
Fun channel
It helps me see where I'm at, fat-wise.
Even though some of the puzzles are ridiculously hard, I really enjoy the series!
I love games that make you think!
I really enjoy games like these.
True, some of the puzzles are hard. But I haven't had any problems so far and I'm really enjoying it.
I enjoy games that require logic and creativity.
The graphics are wonderful. The puzzles are challenging, but some of them aren't very clear.
I'm really enjoying the challenge. Yes, some of the puzzles are a little too hard but overall I really like this game.
I love games that challenge my intelligence in different ways.
It's a fun way to pass time!
The mini games provide different types of challenges.
The subject header says it all!
It's the only way I can keep up with my favorite soap!
But the puzzles require a LOT of patience. They are really hard!
It's fun having Austin sort of interact with me and other characters!
Some of the puzzles are really hard but I love the challenge!
I'm in nursing care and share a room with a woman who doesn't enjoy the same shows I do. This app is a great way to, keep up with the shows I love! I watch on my kindle all the time.
It's a relaxing, non-violent way to pass time.
Hard to get friends to play
I love a tough trivia game and this one fits the bill
But a fun way  to pass to pass time!
Very tough at times,but I enjoy the challenge!
Very addictive!
The pics aren't the best clues making this game really hard
But I enjoy tough brain games so I'm happy!
A fun way to keep in touch with distant frieb!
A very addictive game! I find words I never would have thought of!
It's good for training your mind to see things you might otherwise miss
Harder than it looks but a lot of fun!
i like the pictures they have. also I like the ability to make it to your choice of difficulity. Just all around relaxing game.
I really like the game of solitare and with this version,spider solitare it gave me more of a challenge and that helps alot. a really good way to use up time in many different waiting rooms.
So useful than carrying text book around
Leaves me cursing my budget because that is my limiter!
Great for when my tiny little fire remote disappears, or the couch ate it... Depending how you look at it.
I love the customization options. I love how easy it is to budget out the entire month's worth of bills and be able to see at a glance exactly where I stand.<br /><br />Just one horrible problem. Even though I set up backups, both to sd card and to dropbox... my phone crashed and lost everything. It's happened before... which is why I doubled up the backup.  And since my g&times; account cannot back up app data - I'm kinda stuck.<br /><br />It's not impossible to rebuild at least the current month, it's just s lot more work than I'd intended... especially since I'd created multiple backups and set it to auto backup after every change.
Each of these buttons (with the glaring exception of the exit button) merely connects to web pages in the browser, so pretty useless unless you want to be limited to viewing on your phone's screen or just forget the phone altogether and just watch tethered to your computer screen. It's easier to just bookmark the three sites it forwards you to and forget the app. It's pretty useless, really. Shame too, had some pretty high hopes.
Great app and subscription
Lots of information and very cool looking
I use this to monitor the camera on my driveway.  Works great!
At least once every couple days, my notification icon stops updating, and when I try to open the app it flashes and nothing happens. So, I have to go into apps, force stop, clear cache/data, and set the whole thing up again. Sometimes I have to do this multiple times in one day, sometimes it gives me two days between. Extremely aggravating...
It's very difficult to hit the target when you're selecting an item - and caused me lots of penalties ... but again, once I turned off countdown mode it didn't care how many times I clicked around.<br /><br />Then I got to the "Chinese store" ... and, um, wow.  That's pretty offensive.
I suppose this app could be something to work with ... if it worked.  I downloaded it as the free app of the day a while back and I've been fighting it ever since.  First of all it takes up an ungodly amount of space on my phone.  27.33MB PLUS data & cache is unreasonable.  If I sort my apps by size it's always at or near the top.  I might could forgive that if the app actually DID anything.  When I open it, and it doesn't matter whether I click the icon for take a picture OR the icon for open gallery, it always does the same thing - loops me right back to the choose or take a picture menu, like nothing was loaded.  I've tried multiple times, both ways.  I have a dozen or so pictures of my floor, table, computer ... LOL<br /><br />When I originally installed the app it sent itself to the internal sd card rather than installing in the actual phone internal memory.  So I thought maybe that was the problem, since I'd had another app misbehave when I moved it to make room.  So I moved it back, same problem.  I rebooted the phone (and had to listen to the annoying bootup sound) and still had the same problem.  Days went by, and I sit here trying to decide what apps will stay or go because I need the space.  I tried uninstalling and reinstalling it.  No change.  I read through other reviews here to see what others were saying, and found out a lot of other people were having the same problems I am.  This one WENT.
It works BEAUTIFULLY on mine.  I love this app :-)  I can see it being one of my most useful ones!
I was really disappointed by this app because i was led to believe that I just needed a firestick to use it. Sadly this app only works if you have a cable or similar package. After finding that out i didn't use the app at all.
Very fun game I believe it's better then Farmville which I played for a few years.
Its the first time I have been able to under the odds according to what I have in my hand.  I look forward to using it more.
This game is totally addicting.  Couple of levels so far were very challenging but<br />somehow very relaxing.... So much fun!
This TURBO TAX BUSINESS 2017 PC DISC (Federal + Efile) is the version you need for preparing federal returns for partnerships, corporations, LLCs, trusts, or estates (Forms 1065, 1120S, 1120, or 1041).  If you’re a self-employed consultant, 1099 contractor, or sole proprietor (filing Form 1040, Schedule C), then you need a different, less expensive business version, [[ASIN:B075B2RMT2 Turbo Tax Home and Business]].<br /><br />I’ve used Turbo Tax for years (having settled in with Intuit after trying most of the competitors’ tax preparation products).  Turbo Tax has always done my returns accurately, and it has sometimes surprised me with tax savings that I would have missed if left to my own devices.  It has also been invaluable in helping me prepare new-to-me tax forms for the first time.
Someday, someone will invent easy-to-use, intuitive software for movie editing.  This PINNACLE STUDIO 20 PLUS software is NOT that product.  Because I make movies only for products reviewed on Amazon, I lack the time and motivation to overcome the relatively steep learning curve required for using this full-featured software to good effect.<br /><br />Once again, I have reverted to using the simplistic Microsoft Movie Maker software for compiling slideshows and editing short movies to accompany reviews.  It's plenty good enough for my purposes, especially given how much the Amazon photo and movie processing takes away from my submitted high-quality photo and movie files.
CROSSWORDS by Standalone is a decent crossword puzzle app, but inflexible and expensive.  On my Kindle Fire HD 8.9" tablet, the working display shows about two-thirds of a weekday NY Times puzzle grid, and I can't find any way to resize the grid to show the whole puzzle at once. (You must swipe down or hit an arrow button to reveal the lower one-third of the grid.)  The Across and Down clues appear alongside the grid in a readable typeface, but the clues are cut off at the right.  (Perhaps this is an 8.9" Kindle Fire HD issue that the developer will correct; fortunately, clicking on a cut-off clue will display the full clue below the grid.)<br /><br />The puzzle hints--found under the list icon beside the app icon, at the left--don't always work as expected.  For example, "reveal entire puzzle" only filled in one word (for the 1-down clue) when I started from the "hints for 1-down" screen.  In contrast, "reveal entire puzzle" filled in the entire puzzle when I started from a "press-and-hold-on-clue" popup.  Worse, the general settings for navigation (e.g., "skip filled squares", "show mistakes") don't seem to function at all.  (Perhaps this is another Kindle Fire HD issue for the developer to fix.)<br /><br />The app allows you to enter multiple letters in a single square, and to look up puzzle info (must-haves for NY Times crossword solvers).  If you are a NY Times crosswords subscriber, the app will automatically download the daily puzzles for you.  The app comes with an assortment of puzzles already installed, and allows you to browse for and download many more puzzles from the Internet.  It also allows you to establish an account and compare your times with other solvers.<br /><br />However, the FREE [[ASIN:B005U6QIMI Crosswords Plus]] app does nearly all of the same things.  (Crosswords Plus does not download your NY Times subscription puzzles automatically, although it makes it easy to download them daily; it doesn't come with puzzles loaded, although it points you to free Internet sources; and it doesn't have a feature for comparing scores with other solvers.)  In addition, [[ASIN:B005U6QIMI Crosswords Plus]] allows you to resize the grid, offers an alternate clues-only view, includes the usual hints options, and has navigational settings (skipping boxes, etc.) that are fully functional on the Kindle Fire HD 8.9" tablet.<br /><br />Even if this CROSSWORDS app worked perfectly, I would still prefer [[ASIN:B005U6QIMI Crosswords Plus]].  For this reason, and because of the high price and current Kindle Fire HD 8.9" tablet issues, I rate CROSSWORDS at 3 stars.
Right after the 1st Gen Kindle Fire was released, I started using the original GSam Battery Monitor (then known as the Badass Battery Monitor) as a one-tap solution to monitoring the Fire's remaining charge and battery usage. I liked the app so well, I upgraded to the special Kindle Fire version when it was released, and have been using it ever since.<br /><br />Today I received my Kindle Fire HD 8.9" Wi-Fi tablet, and was delighted to find that this GSam Battery Monitor (Kindle Tablet Edition) works with new tablet as well! There was no need to purchase another version that was specifically designed for the larger tablet--which was NOT the case with many of my existing 1st Gen Kindle Fire apps.  You only need to download your purchased app and install it.  You can then check your battery usage and charge by swiping down from the top of the 8.9" screen.<br /><br />Kudos to the GSam developer, for issuing regular updates and improvements to the original, excellent battery app, and for having it immediately ready to go with the new, larger Kindle Fire tablets.
The concept is nice, but the decimal point is hard to find on the Kindle Fire (software v. 6.03). When I open the app or one of its calculator options (Percent, Percent Increase, Percent Discount, Tip Calculator, Percent Margin, Percentage Change, Percentage of), only the keyboard shows--and the keyboard has NO decimal point/period key.<br /><br />If I turn the Kindle Fire to change the display from horizontal to vertical, or vice versa, the "spell checker" line with punctuation options USUALLY appears above the keyboard.  This line includes a decimal point/period that works for purposes of entering the calculations. Also, if I hit the "x" inside the number entry box (the "x" is in gray, at the right), it will USUALLY bring up the punctuation options line.  Hitting the "x" in the number entry box also clears the numbers in the box.<br /><br />I rather like the Tip Calculator, which makes it easy to divide a restaurant check for a group of people.  When you input the check total, the number of people, and the tip percentage, the app will return each person's share (including her/his share of the tip).<br /><br />However, this app is awkward to use, if you have to work to get a decimal point option for entering decimal or dollar and cent amounts.  If the developer should update the app to fix this Kindle Fire flaw, I would rate the app at 4 or 5 stars.
Excellent one-tap solution to monitoring the Kindle Fire's remaining charge and battery usage.  This app tells you how the battery is actually being used (percentages for screen, wi-fi active, held awake, app usage); and sends notifications (to the notification area at the top left of the home screen) that include the current charge level plus an estimate of the time left (based on your average usage).<br /><br />If you choose "App Sucker" from the list menu, you see a list of apps that shows the percentage of battery consumed by each app.  If you select a particular app, you get detailed stats on CPU usage, keep awake, wake locks, bytes sent and received, included packages, included processes, etc.  These stats let you know which apps are power-hungry, and what they're doing.<br /><br />This is exactly what I wanted for my Kindle Fire.  Another battery monitor, [[ASIN:B004T555WA BatteryTime Lite]], which is apparently designed for cell phones, didn't work for me because it requires entry of the Kindle Fire's battery capacity (a figure that I don't have).  This [[ASIN:B00658U5HE Badass Battery Monitor]] works off the Kindle Fire's battery charge level, so it works "out of the box" without needing any additional technical information.<br /><br />EDITED 11/16/12:<br />I liked this app so well, that I purchased the version made specifically for the 1st Gen Kindle Fire (the [[ASIN:B006TH5I28 GSam Battery Monitor (Kindle Tablet Edition)]]).  Today I received my wi-fi Kindle Fire HD 8.9" tablet, and was delighted to find that the GSam Battery Monitor app for the Fire works with the new tablet, too.  I didn't have to purchase a new version, as I did with quite a few of my existing non-HD Fire apps.
This free single-suit Spider game plays well on my Kindle Fire, but it's too easy for experienced players.  Also, the app always opens with a singing splash screen ("Fupa, Fupa, Fupa") that I could do without.  If you're an advanced Spider player, you can find a four-suited Spider game in this [[ASIN:B004KU2JZU Solitaire Free Pack]], which is an excellent collection of many favorite solitaire games, and also runs on the Kindle Fire.  Because "Spider Solitaire" is a pleasant little app, I rate it at 3 stars (it's okay).
Purchase of a product key card for Microsoft Office 2010 saved me a substantial amount of money, given that I needed only one license.  (The CDROM product provides licenses for installation on two computers, e.g., a purchaser's desktop and laptop.)<br /><br />Office 2010 was not preloaded on my target computer, so I downloaded the software from the web site named in the key card instructions.  To get the download, you must enter the product key, which is case sensitive.  (You must use caps for the letters in the key.)  The web site gives you the option of purchasing a backup CDROM if you're a nervous nellie like me.  The web site also gives clear instructions on how to proceed after the download.<br /><br />The software download (585MB) took about two hours with a relatively slow DSL connection.  Installing the software requires the product key to be entered for a second time (include the hyphens).  The installation itself took about 15 minutes on a 1.67 GHz netbook, which had a trial version of Microsoft Office 2007 installed that needed to be removed.  (The installation screen gave the option of removing a previous Office installation or leaving all or parts of a previous installation on the computer.)<br /><br />As often happens with Microsoft products, the "installation progress bar" finished a few minutes before the installation itself was finished.  The product then required a reboot to finalize the installation.  For me, the only really anxious moments involved in the entire operation were the moments spent waiting and watching the screen while the computer was verifying the legitimacy of the product key.
I had cataracts and reading was difficult so I put this on my note with a black background and white lettering still use even after surgery as I like to have a book with me at all times and with it being on my phone, I have 250 books to read anytime I like.
luv
DOES THE JOB
I listen to books 8 hours a day while working.<br />Would be lost without all these awesome free books.<br /><br />Love love love
I haven't had this network for a long time so can't speak to a lot of details. So far it seems a diverse source for information and entertainment. I like what I see and plan to look around at more features. It's a free service so you can't beat the price!
Pluto provides free TV and has a decent selection of movies and TV titles. Does NOT allow fast-forward through commercials. Guess that's how they can provide it for free.
I don't know what this is nor how I supposedly acquired it. I don't remember downloading anything. Must have hit a stray button. It says $0.00 so who cares?
App did not open
Great to have this news app available at all times.
I enjoy this  because you have a game within a game.  Cute idea
This relaxes me and brings back memories.  Fun times!!
It relaxes me, only issue is moving pieces is difficult at times.
👍
👍
👍
👍👍
👍
👍
👍
👍
👍
👍
👍👍
👍
👍👍
👍👍
👍
👍
😔
👍
I have a Dell Inspiron 1720 with Windows Vista SP2 installed, 3GB of RAM and more disk space than I need.  My processor is an Intel Pentium T2310 / 1.46 GHz which is a touch less than recommended.<br /><br />I chose the full install. During setup, the CD just churns, and churns, and churns, and churns.  After 70 minutes of churning, I used the Task Manager to abort the install because the setup got stuck on installing FastFlick.<br /><br />I then tried to re-install again but chose a custom install and removed FastFlick. When I did that I got a message partway into the install that said, "Setup encountered an error during installation. Error Code: 0652." I then looked on their forum site for an answer but there was just a post by someone else who got the error but didn't receive any feedback on it. (That's not very good support.)<br /><br />I aborted this install, went into the Control Panel, and uninstalled everything it had installed before (which I had to do one by one in a long drawn-out process).  I then rebooted and tried the custom install again being sure to remove FastFlick.  Once I did that about 1 hour later the product finished installing without that component.<br /><br />Next I tried to use the software. Since this was the first time, I kept getting a registration screen. After I filled out my name and email for registration, I got this error message "Our servers are not responding. We apologize for the inconvenience; please try again at a later time."  Luckily after it goes through the motions, I'm able to bypass the error and use the product. However, since the product never got registered, I get the registration screen repeatedly every time I load Roxio which is very annoying.<br /><br />After some fiddling around using their advanced video editing, I figured out how to crop a video and save a portion of it to a file that can be played with Windows Media Player. There is a learning center section of the software but no real user guide in the format I was looking for; only lots of tips.<br /><br />Besides cropping the video, I also tried to burn my 229.2Mb project to a Memorex CD-RW Platinum that had 654MB capacity. These disks were brand new. The first one I tried it said it had zero Mb available.  The next disk I tried said the correct capacity 656.1 MB but then said I couldn't burn to that disk and kept spitting it out and asking me to insert valid media. I was disappointed with the inconsistency of the Mb reported between the two disks even though I finaly realized that I probably needed a DVD Read/Write disk. I then tried just burning the video file to disk.  Although this worked, it was a file that could not be played because it had the DMSD extension. I then looked for the MPG file I created previously and burned that to disk.  This worked and I was able to play back the file on another laptop as long as I used Window Explorer to find the file on CD with Windows Media Player installed to play it.<br /><br />In summary, I  spent almost 3-1/2 hours trying to install this product and ended up with a partial install of what was available to install (remember FastFlick would not install).  I then spent another 1-1/2 hours trying to figure out the software, cropping my video and burning the production to a CD ROM disk. Also, the product license only allows an installation on one machine. Obviously I've only scratched the surface with what this product claims it can do.  I'm also totally new to this type of software, so there's a steep learning curve on my part. No user manual is supplied in the Learning Center (at least none I could find) and all I found in the Roxio knowledge base online was a user manual for a very old version of the product (Creator 2010). I do very much like that I was able to crop a 2-minute piece of video from a 2 hour production and then burn the file to DVD and it did a very good job of that so I'm satisfied in that regard. However, getting that far was such a hassle than I can only rate this product 2 stars until all the kinks such as support and install issues are worked out.<br /><br />For those who are interested in the system requirements, Internet access is required and one of the following operating systems:<br /><br />- MS Windows 8.x (32 or 64-bit)<br />- Professional (32 or 64) - I assume they mean Windows 8 Professional here<br />- Windows 7 SP1 Home Premium, Professional or Ultimate (32 or 64-bit)<br />- Windows Vista SP2 (32 or 64-bit)<br />- Windows XP SP3 (32-bit)<br /><br />-Also required is 1024x768 DirectX 9.0c compatible graphics card<br />-DVD-ROM drive<br />-Hard drive with at least 3GB free for install and 2GB RAM<br />-IE 7, 8, 9, or 10<br />-Intel Pentium 4.00 Processor 2 GHz or AMD equivalent<br />-For certain functionality, QuickTime Player version 7 and iTunes version 10 is required<br />-For video capture, OHCI compliant IEEE 1394 FireWire card for use with DV camera or Roxio Video Capture USB for analog sources<br />-Blu-ray authoring requires an additional plug-in which can be purchased from Roxio
I installed this on Windows Vista with SP 2 and converted MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel 2010 documents easily.  The many features I like about this program are:<br /><br />- The menu icons are intuitive and if they are not; the "mouse over" tips make the options clear<br />- You have an option to print to a PDF using the DocuComPDF driver that is installed<br />- You have the ability to add watermarks to documents (some of the cool designs you can use for stationery)<br />- Emailing from within the software is possible as it integrates with Outlook<br />- You can create your own digital signature for your documents<br />- The application comes with some rudimentary clip art (not professionally done but still neat)<br />- It comes with a 1GB USB flash drive that include sample files and instructions<br />- etc., etc.<br /><br />Overall this is a useful product that converts your documents into PDF format so that anyone with a computer and PDF viewer can read them and it has a fun side too such as creating stationery with the watermark options available.<br /><br />Update Nov. 12, 2010 - I lowered my review from 5 to 4 stars because this converter does not allow you to view all PDFs. For instance, when I went to a website to view an online statement, I couldn't view it because this converter was set as the default.  Instead, I had to "repair" my Adobe Reader so that it would become my default reader.  This is unfortunate because I really love this product.  This is no longer my default reader because I view a lot of statements online and some websites depend on Adobe being your default PDF reader in order to view those statements.  Despite this, it's still a great PDF converter.
Of course I'm a huge peanuts fan and I love the music and the sound effects.
I really like the ability to be able to have someone voicing out the directions for me. Have that came with my phone had that option but wanted me to pay for it and I appreciate this application being free. Thank
It's a very nice app to have and it seems very accurate.
This is very well done and was a blast to get through.  My 17 year old and I ended up trying to figure them out together (once I got stumped).  It's a great combo of everything.  It plays well.  I usually get to the end of apps and get rid of them, but I'll definitely keep this one downloaded, and I'm excited to to see the next level.
This is the second time I've paid for this app, and the same thing happened both times.  Words showed up but there areno graphics of any kind.  There is only a deal button and a bet button.  I,d like my money back.
Okay I would put one finger down it says NICE then I put a different finger and it says NAUGHTY. But it would be a good game to get kids being better.
A must have!
Joel Osteen the best. Uplift your day and life. This is a must have.
A little confusing at first. Fun after you understand.
Fun game if you like candy crush you ll love this game!
This game is fun and addictive. Word of warning you do not have to buy extra bars or lives play for free you just have to wait for it to re up. Purchase not neccessary
couldn't even use it! Had to purchase elsewhere. Wasted 43.00. I have used Turbo Tax for years, but the download I purchased from Amazon wouldn't n work. I had to buy TurboTax elsewhere.
I used to really enjoy IMDb TV/Freevee before the format got changed.  I used to be able to search and add shows & movies to my list to watch later. Now there's no more my list, and you're only able to go into a show that's already started or wait for it to start in it's pre-assigned time slot. You can still watch a movie from the beginning if you choose it through the Amazon Prime app, not as easy if you try directly from the Freevee app. The search feature is so not user friendly. You only have a very limited choice of genre's to choose from. I guess someone decided that different genre's should just be lumped together, and let the customer figure it out on their own.  Of course since there's no more my list you cannot mark a show/movie to watch later. I thought that the new format was meant to enhance the user's experience, not hinder it. All it succeeded in doing is making me steer away from the app altogether, it's just way too frustrating. If the format stays the same I will be looking at other streaming apps, and will more than likely be cancelling my Prime membership since I'm not even able enjoy the programming. Not happy with the re-formatting of Amazon Prime video either. Where did you find the group of geniuses that came up with these new formats anyway? They obviously don't watch the programming, otherwise they wouldn't have done such a poor job trying to revamp both formats to wind up making them such disappointments to the end user.
Love this game
Great  to  play on the Fire Tablet
Still finding all the<br />Different ways to use it. Would like it to show allergy &amp; air quality reports. That would be very useful &amp; make it a 5 star.
Fun word game.
Wizard of Oz is nostalgic for me when I found this game years ago I had to have it. Everything was normal the voices, the music. Everything! Now I noticed There may has been an update Because the music has changed a little bit And so have some Of the things that Set up the most.
I'm very picky with rain sounds.. They have to sound like very specific raindrops not like a static TV or even Or pan of cooking bacon🤷.. The rain wasn't too good for me because its pretty loud Which to me doesn't sound too much like rain but I love the thunder sounds and I specially love the lightening effect because when your light is turned all the way up on your mobile device and you have on the lightning it literally lights up the whole room as it would if it were in front of you. So I will say as long as it's turned down to a decent level and the light is bright this app is pretty decent
Easy app to get and it is definitely Vegas style slots. Great game.
Just got, it seems pretty good.
Lots of fun.
I stream all my tv watching but can’t get my local news unless I pay much more than it should ever be but this is free and I can watch the local news anytime I want not at the channel set times
My granddaughter and I play this together it was a good time nice family time<br />what you don’t see very often anymore so take a moment and play with your child or grandchild or whatever and  time with them instead of letting them just play by the TV by themselves or watching TV take just a second to brighten your day and their  time
It’s a good comprehension builder and as well as bonding with your child or anybody that need comprehension help ; stroke<br />Brain injury and such
Mostly older movies<br />Probably more for people who like movies from maybe 70s or western like hits<br />But still a great selection
I didn't get it
👍
Fun for a child
I really enjoy watching some of the shows from when I was a kid FREE
Nothing special about it<br />Pretty much the same as the others like<br />Tubi<br />Pluto<br />IMDb which are always free
Gotta buy it if you want to watch anything
AAA+++
Buy this only for working on small projects. I used it to "bring to life" a house from a blueprint, seemed to work great, then would mysteriously delete my creation for no reason.<br />I found out today why: it was using so many rescources, and writing HUGE files to my compute to run it, everytime I ran it, in other words, it hogged my computer so much that it crashed. I have a new computer with plenty of space and a great processor, so why they wrote a program that won't compile compactly is beyond me.<br />Only buy this for small projects, otherwise prepare for disappointment. Today I had to rebuild my PC from the ground up because this scrambled my PC's brain so badly it could no longer even start up.<br />Nice idea, lousy execution.
Love this little guy! So much fun. Coding is simple and easy to learn. Only downside is he needs to be connected to a phone or tablet unlike his little brother Vector. But there isn't any coding available for Vector yet.
Slow to recognize image but works.
In game selling not fun enough to pay for more  too many other games don't beg you for more money.
We already have the mandarin package, and found it so easy to use.  So with the winning program, we not Spanish background, we were immersed again in learning Spanish!  The program relies on repetition without the boredom!  Challenging, yes, but with pictures and voice, your brain is constantly stimulated and funnily enough it works!  Also has iPod options to allow you carry around a vocabulary and sentence exercises whilst n the move. To get the full benefit, you really do need to work on it 3-4 times a day (just like piano practice!).  Expensive, but the quality far exceeds anything else we have used.
Very straight forward software that was easy to install, and easy step by step to load all your information which will condense into a basic will.  Also provides a sleuth of other documents that includes power of attorney, who will take care of the kids if you and your partner are no longer around, health. You can easily update at anytime as your circumstances change over time.  Neat as it will print off into a document.<br /><br />I was disappointed that there was an extra $90 for the revocable trust, which you complete online.  I rather pay etxra to have all that information held on my own system.  At the end of the day, this software provides everything you need at a very cheap price than employing a lawyer.  Obviosuly if your life is a little complicated then you may still need to reference to a lawyer, but great if all you have is a few basic assets!
I am a newbie and have been learning to play the piano for the past 3 months on my own, using the alfred's all in one adult course book and no teacher thus far.  So far so good, and i decided that i needed to see if my tempo and count were correct, I decided to add this program to my learning tools.  I have to say, this is a great program to see how much you have progressed on your own. I found the exercises  helped to reinforce the beat, the sight reading of the left hand and music theory.  Actually, I really recommend you learn from the text book and then come to this program, as you will get a lot more out of it than just using this program on its own:it does go a little fast.<br /><br />The program offers music theory, sight reading, ear training tests, lots of little tests to see how much you have learnt thus far, video to explain the positioning of the hand, audio explanations; the finger tracker, which is the best part of the program as it tells at the end, the percentage accuracy of your playing.  And if you get frustrated at not getting above 95%, for the perfectionist, you can hit a key that plays it back to you on how it should be played!  Note that if you hit a wrong note that also counts against you as well as not hitting it or holding it for the right amount of time! You can go back to a previous lesson again and again, which helps to reinforce the point.  There are so many little helpers on each lesson, like video or audio pointers.<br /><br />There are over 300 lessons, so I am looking forward to plowing through them along with the Alfred's course, which compliments this program beautifully.  You will need to have a MIDI cable to connect the computer/laptop to your digital piano, which Amazon also sells at a very good price.  So worth the money in lieu of a teacher.  I will update every couple of months to comment on this program.
This game is.awesome!!!!My mom got for free and bought me 200,000 coins for.free as well.and I love it to bits!💗😏👍
I absolutely love &quot;Bowling King&quot;!😁 The only problem is controlling the spin.😞 But AWESOME game otherwise.
This has to be one of the most gorgeous games I've ever played. Soothing, serene, calming<br /><br />I can feel my blood pressure dropping and my body relaxing. It's an experience more than it is a game. Beautiful
Lovely colors, easy to use, relaxing.
3 degrees of heat, soft to touch, larger size, shuts off automatically
Don’t use it
Worked fine with the exception of telling me i didnt have channels like TBS and TNT in my youtubeTV package to view the games.. when i have those channels.. frustrating
I use to have Tunein Radio as an app on my phone but something happened that now it is difficult to open and impossible to exit so I just deleted the app.
Best real news app. NO FAKE NEWS HERE. Tired of liberal bias then check out DRUDGE!
Only very old episodes, nothing new
Upgrade to no commercials for only a fee bucks a month - so worth it!
Does  not work away from home
Do not work away from home, so what's the point!?!
Always something new to watch! Very reasonably priced.
Great time waster.....and I love the options, but please bring out a pay version without ads!!!! I would definitely buy it.
This app works great for controlling your HD receiver.....especially when your remote is missing or out of reach...highly recommended!!!! Controls are easy to use, just wish it had a volume button.
Keeps asking to update but link takes you nowhere so you can't play the game. Frustrating.
I was playing the game on my cell phone when it froze and I couldn't get out of it until I restarted my phone. Along with that I found it to be slow and frustrating.
Like the story and the puzzles are a good mix of easy and hard to keep it interesting
Nice little story cute characters it is a nice little puzzle game.
Fun cute little game if you want to relax and build a little town.
We tried a few language programs and Rosetta Stone is our favorite. You can choose if you want to just understand the language, speak the language, or read the language. I recommend the lifetime access because my kids just weren't "done" in a year and it took the stress of needing to finish it right away.
As always, this is an incredible product. As a self-employed person with multiple supplemental jobs, this has absolutely everything I need. What's more: it's so easy to use. The Q&A format is awesome.
Turbo Tax makes it super easy to do your taxes. It walks you through the process like a conversation. Even though we are both self-employed, we were easily able to do our own taxes with Turbo Tax. You can also pay an additional amount for audit coverage in the event you get audited. (Which is always a concern for us since we are both self employed.) This was so much easier than even running to the local pop up tax place (and much, much quicker since those places always file extensions for our taxes and have a hard time getting around to them since they are more complicated). We’ll be using Turbo Tax from here on out.
I'll preface my review by saying that I'm an average computer user. I am not extremely great at all the technology stuff, so many of my issues may be user error. (But since I feel I'm an average user, I feel like maybe the program is more for super techie types or something.)<br /><br />Now, I installed Toast while signed into my Mac under my account. It wouldn't work. I re-installed it. I still cannot get it to work on my account, even though I installed it while on my account. (It keeps telling me I'm not authorized to use the product.) Maybe that is user error. It does work on my husband's account on the same computer (which is odd, since I installed it on mine and I can't get it to open).<br /><br />It is extremely slow. It frustrates me to open it, so I usually end up using iDVD instead. I already had Photoshop Elements, so that aspect wasn't particularly helpful to me. But I do like Photoshop Elements. (Though, once again, I usually end up using iPhoto for editing because it is quicker, although inferior to Photoshop.) It is fairly user friendly, although I'm sure I'm probably missing out on something.
I have a great time playing this with my wonderful guildmates.  Don't need to spend money as you can earn plenty in the game from events, achievements and the treasure chests you earn helping others.
I’m in LOVE with Discovery+. This station/App has so many good shows to watch… I just Love it!!
This game can be challenging one level and easy the next, but that's one reason I like it.
No complaints. It was free
Love Angela
Louvre the whole line of this game
Love the whole game
Good times
Found this a bore
Played a few times,  boring,  deleted
Never got them to work
Great game
app doesn't stream a single thing. I get nodevicerolefoundformac on every channel. total waste this app is. I expected better from optimum.
This took me some stumbling to get it to work.  There is definitely a learning curve here, it is not like the original iMovie, but it is also much more powerful.  I was looking for a specific ability to merge a number of videos into a mosaic montage and it worked for me.  I did have some issues getting them to come together and I ended up abandoning the whole project and starting from scratch and with experience and new start I was able to get what I was hoping for.  I think I will be using it some more in the future and it seems like a robust package for the price.